Health Promotion Center (Premium Health Check-up) Appointment Call Health Promotion Center, Phyathai 2 Hospital  The comprehensive readiness of the Health Promotion Center at Phyathai 2 Hospital will help eliminate all your health concerns because we act as your consultant for health check-ups, providing in-depth examinations tailored to your lifestyle. We help coach and plan to prepare for disease prevention and health care in various aspects for the good health of you and your family.  We are the “Coach” ready to train you on health trends  Health check-ups are about discovering and screening for disease risks to prepare for prevention before diseases occur and to enable treatment from the early stages if abnormalities are detected. This is the important reason why everyone should have health check-ups. What adds value to health check-ups is the ability to understand and take care of health according to each individual’s needs. We can provide excellent advice because we have a team of expert doctors and experienced nurses who act as your health coaches to help assess risks, provide nutritional advice, and suggest lifestyle adjustments to avoid various diseases, including recommending appropriate exercise plans for each individual.  Enhancing “Expert” capability by partnering with leading global institutions  With the capability and experience of our medical team, we can meet patients’ needs combined with expertise in care that can advise on risks of chronic and serious diseases. Therefore, we offer in-depth and comprehensive health check-up programs. To maximize the benefits of health check-ups for service users, the Health Promotion Center at Phyathai 2 Hospital has collaborated with Oregon Health & Science University , a world-leading university that developed the health assessment program using the Let Get Healthy computer program. This program evaluates three health aspects: sleep testing, memory testing, and diet risk behaviors related to food consumption. Together with health check-ups and in-depth history taking, it helps doctors understand your and your family’s lifestyle, enabling consultation and practical adjustments in daily life to reduce potential disease risks.  Total Lifestyle Modification: Adjusting routines… to build strong health  Health check-ups are like a navigation tool that helps care for and protect yourself from disease risks. At the same time, health check-ups are expected to be an option to detect diseases early to improve treatment effectiveness. Both prevention and treatment of diseases prioritize lifestyle modification as an effective care method. Doctors at the Health Promotion Center provide advice after treatment results in all aspects, such as nutrition, exercise, mental relaxation, rest, things to avoid, and various useful tips. Because to successfully change your lifestyle, you must start and practice it daily by yourself, which leads to sustainable changes for true health.   Health Promotion Center (Health Check-up)  Occupational Health Check-up  Health Care Program with Lifestyle Modification    Services  1. Health Check-ups   Health check-up programs by age group  Standard health check-up programs (all ages)  Health check-up program for working women  Health check-up program for working men  Health check-up program for women aged 40 and above  Health check-up program for men aged 40 and above  Expert Health Check-up program  Health check-up program for senior executives  Health check-up program for liver disease risk screening  Personalized health care program  Pre-marriage health check-up program   2. Vaccination Services   Vaccination services for individuals aged 15 and above and for the elderly  Influenza vaccine  Pneumonia vaccine  Shingles vaccine  Diphtheria and pertussis vaccine   Health Promotion  The Health Promotion Center is committed to providing health knowledge to service users by offering information on nutrition, exercise, and health consultations from experts.   Personal physician for health care  Personal nurse for health care  Education Hall   Facilities   Examination rooms  VIP lounge (only for Expert and Exclusive programs)  Escort service (available for certain programs)  Coffee Corner  Internet Wifi    Ask for more details Please fill out the form for us to contact you back Full name Full name Tel Tel Email Email Detail Detail Submit Contact Us Health Promotion Center (Premium Health Check-up) Interested in consulting a doctor